feat: add data-dir support (#622)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/cloud-provider.md

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/rke2-cloud-provider.png)

> With Rancher version above 2.9.0, to customize folder for the cloud config data, you can modify `Data directory configuration path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Rancher v2.9.0, you can configure a specific folder for cloud config data using the **Data directory configuration path** field.
```

Reviewer: We use backticks for code and bold for most GUI elements.

Author: Thanks for the review. Updated it.
